THE UNTITLED
=============
##### By `Derek Pierson`

><sub>Please read [LICENSE][1] before distributing</sub>

## Chapter 1 - The Dock
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"_LAND!_" yells the lookout.  "_LAND AHEAD!_" he shouts down to the crew.  The captain isn't worried, after all, land is what he has been hoping for after being at sea for so long.  He turns to address the crew and with a simple nod of his head in acknowledgment, the crew knows what to do and starts prepping for docking procedures.  Just then, the communications unit chimes and, "_Authorization code?_" squacks from the speakers.  The communications officer looks over at the captain with a concerned expression, "_Restricted_" shrugs the captain.  He sighs heavily and keys the push-to-talk, "_This is captain_`Sorvalice`_of the vessel_`Vector 5`_, requesting permission to make an emergency dock at your station for structural repairs._"  The channel goes silent as the request is analysed.  Just as the tactical officer pipes up, "_Cap, what's the likelihood they see our `'bogus tags'` and report us to cent com..._" the radio blasts out "_Acknowledged, proceed to_ **Dock Station Alpha 6** _and await further instructions._"  The captain shrugs and nods to the navigation officer "_plot us a course, we're bringing 'er in._"

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the last dock line is secured the crew looks at each other expecting someone to say something, but nobody does.  "_What are you waiting for?!_" barks the captain.  The newest crew member snaps to attention and quickly rushes out to _`'secure the cargo'`_, the rest of the crew prepares for inspection.  It just so happens that they stumbled upon a top secret **Federation Relay Station** and everyone knows the `Federation` is very adamant no smuggling passes through their stations, let alone a top secret installation.  "_Doc?_" says the captain, "_what is it cap_" replies the doctor, "_I need those_ _`'records deep sixed'`_ _ASAP, we can't take any chances._"  "_Ay, cap_" says the doctor as he punches a few commands into his personal digital assistant, then connects it directly to an already exposed [deperming cable][deperming] which causes it to overload the power source and fry the electronics inside.  "_SHIT!_" shouts the doctor as sparks shoot from the PDA.  "_I told you not to hold it_" says the newest member as she makes her way to the captain, "_the cargo is secure, SIR!_" she says as she reaches him.  "_Heh, 'newbies' just call me captain would ya_" he says with a sigh.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;__`>`__ After just losing a crew member on their _`last blown operation`_ and they needed the help, so they picked her up, but nobody seems to trusts her yet.  She's obviously trying way too hard to fit in.  However, she's a realy quick study and happily accepts all of the jobs nobody else wants.  Plus, she did beat out all of the other candidates by leaps and bounds.__`<`__  Just as the captain takes a sip of his coffee, which she brought to him, the [external proximity sensor][proxy] sounds and everyone stiffens up.  "_Cap?_" says the tactical officer as he starts to draw his side arm "_Stand down_" replies the captain "_let them do their thing, for all we know, they haven't noticed anything._"  The communcations officer eyes his PDA then punches a few commands in and looks at the captain "_Cap, looks like they're pretty heavily armed for a welcome party_" he says.  Just as the tactical officer goes to speak the front hatch springs open and someone in a full dry suit and mask walks in.  "_Greetings_" says a voice heavily altered behind a smoked face mask.  Everyone goes silent.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captian takes a few steps forward and says "_A'hoy, thanks for letting us dock here, we've been at sea a long time and it's great to finally reach a station._"  The figure approcahes the captain who seems way too calm given the current cirumstances and says "_Nice ship you've got here._"  "_Something aint right cap_" says the tactical officer as the captain extends a hand in greating.  Just then, a loud hiss comes from the figure and in seconds the tactical officer has his gun drawn "_Just say when, cap_" he says.  The unknown figure mearly glances in his direction then looks back at the captain.  The captain, now clearly upset shouts "_Put that damn thing away would ya, nobody is dying today!_"  Unbeknown to the crew, at the sound of the hiss, four dark figures also wearing black dry suits and full face masks snuck onto the boat and surrounded them.  "_OK!_" shouts the captain, "_everyone just calm the fuck down before someone gets hurt!_"

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"_Look, we're all friends here see..._" he slowly draws and sets his side arm on the table.  As the captain relinquishes his weapon the leader, from which the hissing sound originated, pulls their mask off releasing strands of long flowing red hair that drop to her sides, she shakes them free and places her mask under her arm "_What the fuck?_" blurts the tactical officer.  "_Stand down!_" grumbles the captain and everyone slowly lowers their weapons.  "_As I was saying_" continues the captain "_we are friendlies, just looking for safe harbor as we do some repairs on our ship..._" but before he can continue the mysterious women interjects "_This is a restricted area!  For all we know you and your crew are smugglers looking to use this facility as a safe house before you make your rendezvous to deliver your shipment_" she scans the crew "_Arrest them!_" she orders.  "_What! are you crazy, we came here seeking safe harbor, we saw your heavily garded facility and only stopped because we wouldn't make it much longer without repairing..._" "_Silence!_" she barks, "_take them in for questioning._"

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captain gives everyone a 'relax' look as they handcuff him and put a dark hood over his head.  "_This is fucked!_" shouts the tactical officer as they cuff him and put a hood over his head.  Once inside the facility they are lead through _`a series of hallways`_ until finally being thrown into **a brick room** with no windows and no furnature just a single toilet.  A very large man removes their hoods and mumbles "_Wait here, the commander will want to speak with you shortley_" and walks out, closing and locking the door behind him.  As the big steel bar slides into place with a clang the captain looks at the crew and says "_Is everyone okay?_"  He notices that the tactical officer looks a little banged up, "_Okay_" he says "_is anyone besides_`Flex`_hurt?_"  As he goes around the room everyone replies in tern, first the doctor "_Ay cap_", then the communciations officer "_Yeah cap, I'm fine_", then the tactical officer "_Ya, those pricks put up a good fight_" he says and finally the new girl "_Well newbie?_" says the captain as everyone looks over to where she is suppose to be, then suddenly realizes she is missing.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost in unison everyone begins to talk at once "_Have you seen her? Where'd she go? What the fuck happen to_`Newbie`_?_"  finally the captain stops everyone "_OKAY!_" he shouts over the comotion "_that's enough, I'm sure she's just being questioned first and is fine_" trying to calm everyone down.  "_I don't trust her cap, she seems like she's trying way too..._" just then the communications officers hidden short range radio comes on "_sir...hide...d...read?_" "_Damnit!_" says the captain, "`Short Wave`_, you think you can clean that up?_" "_on it cap_" he says as he punches a few commands into the radio "_go ahead_" he says as he hands it over.  The captain keys the push-to-talk and says "_What the hell happen to you back there_`Newbie`_?_"  The radio goes silent for some time, then finally "_Sir! those knuckle draggers didn't even search the entire ship, I'm hold up in..._" the radio goes silent and eveyone looks at eachother.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"_Sorry about that_" she continues "_they are still searching the ship_" the captain replies before she can continue "_look ,_`Newbie`_, I need you to stay put, this channel is not secure so stay off the radio, we will contact you if we need anything, got it?_" "_Yes Sir!_" she says "_I will stay put, you can count on me!_"  With that, the captain just shakes his head and hands the radio back to `Short Wave` then takes a seat against the wall.  The bolt on the door is slowly released and everyone quickly stands to see who it is.  Two guards dressed in all black wet suits come in, grab the captain, and as they escort him out of the room he looks back at the crew and gives them the 'relax' signal, `Flex` shakes his head and says "_Where are you taking him?_" to one of the guards but the guard just ignores him.  The crew looks at eachother then over at `Flex` "_This is bullshit_" he shouts as the door slams shut in front of him.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captain is brought into an old fashion room with fancy furnature and an old boats wheel on the wall.  The guards push him towards the desk at the back of the room then turn and leave him, closing and locking the door behind them.  He looks around, everything seems like it came off of an old sailboat, "_It's all made out of wood_" he mumbles to himself, except for the full sized nautical map on the wall behind the desk.  Suddenly, the door handle turns annd an old man with military cut short gray hair bursts through the door and looks squarly at the captain "_What the hell do you think you are doing docking in a restricted area?_" he says.  The captain calmly replies "_Like I told the operator and your welcome team, we are only here because we need to make structural repairs to our ship._" `(...)`

[deperming]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degaussing "Deperming, or degaussing, is a procedure for erasing the permanent magnetism from ships"
[proxy]: # "The external proximity sensor was installed just before their last mission"

## Chapter 2 - TBD
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz `(...)`

---

[1]: https://github.com/d1srupt0r/stories/blob/master/LICENSE "License agreement"
